Adding project files and read me for tutorial repo (#5)
mapbox/tutorials: README.md

# Tutorials

This repository is a collection of source code used for [Mapbox tutorials](https://docs.mapbox/help/tutorials).

Each of these projects will be added to the repo according to the list below:

- The folder name will match the URL slug of the tutorial
    - This means if you go to https://docs.mapbox.com/help/tutorials/FOLDER-NAME, you will locate the matching tutorial.
- Each project will contain a read me that includes:
    - A link to the related tutorial
    - Relevant downloading instructions
    - A general synopsis of what the tutorial will do
- These projects will omit any sensitive information such as Access Tokens, so you will need to replace these elemnents with your own.

> - These projects will abide by to a related git ignore so when you download 

Author: ```suggestion
- This repo will continuously update its git ignore file to accommodate all project types, allowing you to download projects without unnecessary bloat from unneeded files.
```
